clean_site default to preview = TRUE (#1973)
rstudio/rmarkdown: NEWS.md

rmarkdown 2.6
================================================================================

> - `clean_site()` now default to `preview = TRUE` and will no more remove files without notice. This change will affect the 'Clean All' button in the 'Build' pane for website project. `clean_site(preview = FALSE)` must be run to effectively remove files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `clean_site()` now default to `preview = TRUE` and will no more remove files without notice. This change will affect the "Clean All" button in the "Build" pane for website project. `clean_site(preview = FALSE)` must be run to effectively remove files (#1973).
```
